Desktop Wallet Docs update (#222)
crypto-org-chain/chain-docs: docs/wallets/desktop_wallet.md

- Undelegate from a validator.

### 3.1 - Delegate to a validator
- **Step 1** - To begin staking, go to "*Staking*" page and direct to the second tab "*Delegate Funds*". You can choose one of the active validators that you would like to delegate to, and enter the delegation amount. 
        <img src="./assets/desktop_wallet/3-1-1-1.png" />
You can input the validator’s information either by:
    - Clicking the list button under "*Validator address*", and selecting your preferred validators. 
        <img src="./assets/desktop_wallet/3-1-1-2.png" />

    - Copying the complete address of your preferred validator, and pasting the validator’s "*Operator Address*" (begin with `tcrocncl...` for testnet) under "*Validator address*". Then specify the amount that you would like to delegate.

> **Remark**: To help better improve our network’s decentralization, we suggest you delegate your funds to validators with fewer shares..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remark**: To support the decentralization of the network, we suggest all users delegate your funds to validators with fewer shares, but please make you've done research into the validators you selected before the delegation to minimize your risk of unnecessary fund loss.
```

Now you should see a success message on the Desktop Wallet, and your undelegation transaction was successfully processed!

  ::: tip NOTE

  - You can review your undelegation process by clicking "*View Unbonding Delegation*" at the top right corner in the "*Delegation Management*" section. 

> <img src="./assets/desktop_wallet/3-4-4.png" />

Reviewer: The same issue - a mismatch of img name causing broken img display.
